10 yuan.
Die
The strength is good
To act, you have to do it at full cost
master
All this was meant for me
When the Immortal Emperor was alive
Thousands of reminders to the queen
Never make you king
But after the queen ascended the throne
Or insist on sealing you as Xiaoyao
Do you know how you got your title?
Her Majesty the Queen
I hope you can stay away from the battlefield
Stay away from government
Live freely
I don't believe it.
When you framed me for collaborating with the enemy and treason
I already knew it
That's just the queen
Your Majesty's last chance
It's a pity that you not only don't cherish it, but you are also obsessed
Since a sister cannot educate her brother
Then I will educate you well for the Immortal Emperor today.